Oh, all right.
So I've seen that a browser's main function is to present a resource to us, and in many instances,
that resource starts with HDMI followed.
But now you might be asking yourself how browsers, right?
This is someone who watches over them is their set of rules and standards that apply to blossom.
And that's a good question.
And the answer to that is yes is a consortium, a large organization called W3C.
And it just stands for the World Wide Web Consortium.
And this is just an organization that has defined specifications as to how browsers should function.
In theory, having one set of rules sounds great.
But in practice, we live in a capitalist world.
And what that means is that every company wants to better the other.
So start browsers have tended to only pick and choose what rules they want to follow.
And this is, you guessed it, of course, serious compatibility issues when it comes to coding because
some browsers accept certain code while others don't.
And this caused problem for web authors and by we both as well.
I mean, as someone who puts on content onto a webpage.
So you'll see a lot.
That's all the code that we have to redefine code for different browsers.
Now the good news is that this is kind of falling away now.
A lot of browsers are starting to come full, and I'll show you example of that in a second.
But what's interesting is that these specifications defined by the W3C, they don't define UI.
They don't define user interface.
But over the years, through lots of trial and error, most of the UI elements have started to conform
with each other.
All these browsers that started to imitate each other.
They've learned that the user expects certain elements on a web page to be in certain places.
And with that said, they need to show you a very quick example by comparing two browsers.
Well, let's start with the most popular browser in the world, and that is Chrome.
You can see we've won that pretty small.
We've got a refresh ball.
We've got forward and back buttons.
We've got a toolbar.
Make a menu item that's pretty standard.
And now if we compare this to Mozilla, it's also got an address bar refresh for the big buttons and
it's also got a toolbar.
And the point I'm trying to make with all of this is that you will come across when you coding in your
career.
You're going to come across a lot of old code that has compatibility issues with different browsers.
And for that reason, you're going to see code split up to cater for different version browsers.
But the good news is that this is starting to fall away for reasons we've just discussed.
So without further ado, let's get into some more meaty stuff.